[DOC] Troubleshooting Expensive Searches (#92725)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-searches.asciidoc

For static settings, you need to create a new index with the correct settings.
Next, you can reindex the data into that index. For data streams, refer to
<<change-static-index-setting-for-a-data-stream,Change a static index setting
for a data stream>>.

[discrete]
[[troubleshooting-slow-searches]]
=== Find slow queries

<<index-modules-slowlog,Slow logs>> can help pinpoint slow performing search 

> requests. Enabling <<auditing-settings,audit logging>> on top can help determine 
> query source. The following is commonly used, only short-term `elasticsearch.yml` 
> settings to trace queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests. Enabling <<auditing-settings,audit logging>> on top can help determine 
query source. Add the following settings to the `elasticsearch.yml` configuration file
to trace queries. The resulting logging is verbose, so disable these settings when not 
troubleshooting.
```

Reviewer: I've added a proposal to clarify the settings a bit.
